HELLO:A common greeting used when meeting someone.
WORLD:The earth together with all its countries and peoples.
TIME:The indefinite continued progress of existence.
PERSON:A human being regarded as an individual.
YEAR:The time taken by the earth to make one revolution around the sun.
WAY:A method, style, or manner of doing something.
DAY:A period of twenty-four hours.
THING:An inanimate material object.
MAN:An adult male human being.
LIFE:The condition that distinguishes animals and plants from inorganic matter.
WATER:A colorless, transparent, odorless liquid.
FIRE:Combustion or burning, in which substances combine chemically with oxygen.
WIND:The perceptible natural movement of the air.
EARTH:The planet on which we live; the world.
TREE:A woody perennial plant, typically having a single stem or trunk.
FLOWER:The seed-bearing part of a plant.
SUN:The star around which the earth orbits.
MOON:The natural satellite of the earth.
STAR:A fixed luminous point in the night sky.
SKY:The region of the atmosphere and outer space seen from the earth.
DOG:A domesticated carnivorous mammal.
CAT:A small domesticated carnivorous mammal.
BIRD:A warm-blooded egg-laying vertebrate distinguished by the possession of feathers.
FISH:A limbless cold-blooded vertebrate animal with gills and fins.
HORSE:A large plant-eating domesticated mammal with solid hoofs.
LION:A large cat that lives in prides.
BEAR:A large, heavy, mammal that walks on the soles of its feet.
WOLF:A wild carnivorous mammal of the dog family.
SNAKE:A long limbless reptile that has no eyelids.
MOUSE:A small rodent that typically has a pointed snout.
HAND:The end part of a person's arm beyond the wrist.
EYE:Each of a pair of globular organs in the head through which people see.
HEAD:The upper part of the human body.
HEART:A hollow muscular organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system.
LEG:Each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands.
FOOT:The lower extremity of the leg below the ankle.
MOUTH:The opening in the lower part of the human face.
EAR:The organ of hearing and balance.
NOSE:The part projecting above the mouth on the face of a person.
HAIR:Any of the fine threadlike strands growing from the skin.
HOUSE:A building for human habitation.
DOOR:A hinged, sliding, or revolving barrier at the entrance to a building.
WINDOW:An opening in the wall or roof of a building.
TABLE:A piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs.
CHAIR:A separate seat for one person.
BED:A piece of furniture for sleep or rest.
ROOM:A part or division of a building enclosed by walls.
KITCHEN:A room or area where food is prepared and cooked.
ROOF:The structure forming the upper covering of a building.
FLOOR:The lower surface of a room.
SCHOOL:An institution for educating children.
WORK:Activity involving mental or physical effort.
MONEY:A current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes.
BOOK:A written or printed work consisting of pages glued or sewn together.
CAR:A road vehicle, typically with four wheels.
ROAD:A wide way leading from one place to another.
CITY:A large town.
SHOP:A building or part of a building where goods or services are sold.
PARK:A large public green area in a town.
STREET:A public road in a city or town.
RUN:Move at a speed faster than a walk.
WALK:Move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn.
EAT:Put food into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
SLEEP:A condition of body and mind such as that which typically recurs for several hours every night.
READ:Look at and comprehend the meaning of written or printed matter.
WRITE:Mark letters, words, or other symbols on a surface.
SPEAK:Say something in order to convey information.
LISTEN:Give one's attention to a sound.
SEE:Perceive with the eyes.
THINK:Have a particular opinion, belief, or idea.
RED:The color of blood or fire.
BLUE:The color of the sky.
GREEN:The color of grass.
WHITE:The color of snow or milk.
BLACK:The darkest color, owing to the absence of or complete absorption of light.
BIG:Of considerable size, extent, or intensity.
SMALL:Of a size that is less than normal or usual.
GOOD:To be desired or approved of.
BAD:Of poor quality or a low standard.
HAPPY:Feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.
COMPUTER:An electronic device for storing and processing data.
PHONE:A telephone.
INTERNET:A global computer network providing a variety of information.
ROBOT:A machine capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically.
POWER:The ability to do something or act in a particular way.
LIGHT:The natural agent that stimulates sight and makes things visible.
SOUND:Vibrations that travel through the air or another medium.
CODE:A system of words, letters, figures, or other symbols used to represent others.
DATA:Facts and statistics collected together for reference or analysis.
SPACE:A continuous area or expanse.
LOVE:An intense feeling of deep affection.
HOPE:A feeling of expectation and desire for a certain thing to happen.
FEAR:An unpleasant emotion caused by the belief that someone or something is dangerous.
IDEA:A thought or suggestion as to a possible course of action.
NAME:A word or set of words by which a person, animal, place, or thing is known.
STORY:An account of imaginary or real people and events.
GAME:A form of play or sport.
ART:The expression or application of human creative skill and imagination.
MUSIC:Vocal or instrumental sounds combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form.
PEACE:Freedom from disturbance; tranquility.
